Map & Set insertion order clarifications (#18420)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/global_objects/map/index.md

## Description

> `Map` objects are collections of values. A value in the `Map` **may only occur once**; it is unique in the `Map`'s collection. You can iterate through the elements of a map in insertion order. The _insertion order_ corresponds to the order in which each element was inserted into the map by the [`set()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Map/set) method successfully (that is, there wasn't an identical element already in the map when `set()` was called).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Map` objects are collections of key-value pairs. A key in the `Map` **may only occur once**; it is unique in the `Map`'s collection. You can iterate through the elements of a map in insertion order. The _insertion order_ corresponds to the order in which each key-value pair was inserted into the map by the [`set()`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Map/set) method successfully (that is, there wasn't an identical key already in the map when `set()` was called).
```
